Adds Slack channel info to Readme (#1060)
weaveworks/tf-controller: README.md

  3. **State Enforcement Model:** You have a TFSTATE file, and you'd like to use GitOps enforce it, without changing anything else.
  4. **Drift Detection Model:** You have a TFSTATE file, and you'd like to use GitOps just for drift detection, so you can decide to do things later when a drift occurs.

## Get in touch

> If you have a feature request to share or a bug to report, please file an issue. You can also reach out via our [TF-Controller Slack channel](https://app.slack.com/client/T2NDH1D9D/C054MR4UP88)—get there by first joining the [Weave Community Slack space](https://weave-community.slack.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a feature request to share or a bug to report, please file an issue. You can also reach out via our [TF-Controller Slack channel](https://weave-community.slack.com/archives/C054MR4UP88) — get there by first joining the [Weave Community Slack space](https://weave-community.slack.com).
```
